0NNN - calls machine code routine at address NNN
00E0 - clears screen
00EE - returns from a subroutine
1NNN - goto adress NNN
2NNN - calls subroutine at NNN
3XNN - skips the next instruction if VX equals NN 
4XNN - skips the next instruction if VX doesn't equals NN 
5XY0 - skips the next instruction if VX equals VY
6XNN - sets VX to NN 
7XNN - adds NN to VX
8XY0 - sets VX to the value of VY
8XY1 - sets VX to VX OR VY (bitwise OR)
8XY2 - sets VX to VX AND VY (bitwise AND)
8XY3 - sets VX to VX XOR VY (bitwise XOR)
8XY4 - adds VY to VX. VF is set to 1 when there is overflow and 0 if not
8XY5 - VY is substracted from VX. VF is set to 0 when there's and underflow, and 1 when there is not
8XY6 - shift vx to the right by 1, then stores the least significant bit of VX into VF
8XY7 - sets VX to VY minus VX. VF is set to 0 when there's an underflow and 1 when there isn't 
8XYE  - shift vx to the left by 1, then stores the least significant bit of VX into VF
9XY0 - skips the next instruction if VX doesn't equal VY
ANNN - sets I to the adress NNN
BNNN - jumps to the address NNN plu V0
CXNN - sets VX to the result of bitwise AND operation on a rand number and NN
DXYN - draws a sprite at coordinate (VX, VY) that has a width of 8 pixels and a height of N pixels. Each row of 8 pixels is read as bit-coded starting from memory location I; I value does not change after the execution of this instruction. As described above, VF is set to 1 if any screen pixels are flipped from set to unset when the sprite is drawn, and to 0 if that does not happen.
EX9E - skip next instruction if key stored in VX is pressed
EXA1 - skips next instruction if key stored in VX isn't pressed
FX07 - sets VX to the value of the delay timer
FX0A - a key press is awaited and then strored in VX
FX15 - sets the delay timer to VX
FX18 - sets the sound timer to VX
FX1E - Adds VX to I. 
FX29 - Sets I to the location of the sprite for the character in VX. characters 0-F are represented by a 4x5 font
FX33 - stores the binary-coded decimal representation of VX, with hundredds digit in memory at location in I, the ten digits at location I+1 and the ones digit at location I+2 
FX55 - stores from V0 to VX(including VX) in memory starting at address I. the ofet from I is increased by 1 for each value written, but I itself is left umodified
FX65 = fills from V0 to VX(icluding VX) with values from memory starting at address I. The offset from I is increased by 1 for each value read, but I itself is unmodified


NNN: address
NN: 8-bit constant
N: 4-bit constant
X and Y: 4-bit register identifier
PC: Program Counter
I: 12bit register (For memory address)(Similar to void pointer)
VNL One of the 16  aviable variables. N may be 0 to F 

